what's up gamers today that's it
is we guys we end up on
call of duty black ops on the map la
domination and that the sniper dsr then there
on this gameplay I have a made a big
carnage with this slide and again I have not
talked about this carnage or my chain
youtube on this video but in any case
it will be a pretty special video where I
will talk about them lobbies anyway
firstly I 'll do a little quiz
at dawn there will be mw2 black ops in
a double v3 black golf ops beach
boys and gta 5 stays that there really
all the games all the games you
can have
there are bad ones on it and tell you
our paid tickets on that between
interface and up to three stars spend
to say that frankly when I was
newburgh and that I'm telling you that it's
free his ranks lathus starts off that one
have big youtuber I will not say the
name but they charge over ten
stars spend even maximum 15 starpass
you say that's scammed so there
it's a lobby that really does not cost
dear and i would say on mw2 good buddy is going
you make the no be all the collar and
prestige max that means basically that
cost a star goes on a w 2 and on
black ops will be the god mode and the
maxent prestige of the school this 6th the bi
will cost of starpass and on mw3 it will be
also the god mode and we stick it goes
cost too two stars spend on
black hawk of this will be two stars go
with LCol simply no god mode
risk of smar shackle if you
put the godman good after that you from
choose me I do not advise the taste of
mode on black ops 2 sure i'm
kid you will have one there will be a number of
stars pass that will be increased will pass
three tapas instead of two stars
pass to the interfaces because when
a colossus who just went out so he
there are really risks of banishment
so there is a lobby that is special anti
banishment for that
the ticket costs 1 starpass more
you will have lawn the collar is in extension
this level max so I do not know I think
that it will be a precise maximum five
max levels and I could really
have fun without being banished worry
no there is no risk of
banishment on gathering that it's for
that a star goes on and up and on gta
5 then the guest at 50 miles interface
for the for the money to settle these 21
millions and interfaces for the level
that you want roughly between unnamed
I would say you choose the level
between zero friends if you want
level is willing goudji this ultra movie
level 10 if you thousand levels you
upgrade 1000 and it costs when
same interface
so if you want both of these two
stars go on so you will have the money
the higher the level and there is no risk
of banishment I want to forget about them
do I not banished again then so much
better and I do not advise you I
do not advise to say yeah guys
it's risky no no no under gta has
never risked to make a hobby does the
they will not ban you and I want to
to say take care of yourself in the
destruction I will put all the prices and
links and gamertags ciao ciao